Tech Psy Final Project
This project will still be on GitHub. I will keep the surveys up on GitHub for an indefinite time. The google forms survey with only one response so far, will be used for an indefinite time. My reports on college student environmental behavior will be staying on GitHub for years. 
Introduction/Background/Audience: 
	The project is for college students to learn about environmentally conservative behaviors, especially including energy conservation. The project so far has been taking data from a survey to determine the statistics of environmental behavior of educated college-age individuals. Comparing the sample of college-age students to an older population was going to be a piece of the project, but it was more difficult to get older individuals to complete the survey. This project is being undertaken to record which behaviors college students show awareness of environmental conservation, help the environment and which need to be changed to improve the environment. Their feelings toward living in the city are also recorded. 
Materials & Methods: 
	The project was implemented by placing data into excel from surveys and downloading the files into a coded format. Surveys were used to collect environmental conservation and energy conservation data. The tools used were Microsoft word, email, paper, google forms, excel, Jupyter, OneDrive, and a computer. The matplotlib library was used for the graphs in Jupyter, python 3 program for codes, excel for graph information and GitHub repository for all pages on the project. These specific tools, data, and library were chosen because I needed to collect data, interpret data, and present the data in a meaningful form. 
Results & Discussions:
	The objectives met were finding out that most college students place an emphasis on protecting the environment. The objectives were met by learning the behavior most college students towards environmentally conservative behaviors and their emotions about conservation. The findings of the project were that most college students know how to conserve electricity, don’t use a car, and more college students need to learn how to keep plants. The working part of this survey was asking college students to fill one, writing data in excel, interpreting the data, and writing down code for graphs. There too few responses from google forms to use than emailed surveys. I set my limit for surveys of each group at 5, as I that would be enough data to collect information on environmental behavior. 
Conclusions: 
	In this project, I learned people feel more positive after participating in energy-conserving behaviors, the current college generation has learned environmental conservation since elementary school, that older generations learned around college age, that most college students are optimistic the city can reduce emissions by 2030, and around half believe there is a personal influence or social influence for their view on moral conservation. The ideas this project generated were to give more interest in planting. The next step is to find a way to influence more planting and find information to give college students about cheaper alternative energy sources than solar. The occasional neighborhood planting in NYC is not enough to influence learning to care for plants, so there must more than to teach planting to NYC citizens. 
